README.md, before:

# deploy-toolkit
CS-Cart and Multi-Vendor deployment toolkit for developers and system administrators.

## Requirements
1. [PHP](https://secure.php.net/) 5.5.0 and up.
2. [deployer](http://deployer.org) 3.3.0 and up.

## Prepare
1. `git clone https://github.com/simtechdev/deploy-toolkit.git`
2. `cd deploy-toolkit && mkdir -p deploy-toolkit/deploy`

## Usage example
1. Copy release-{{release_name}}.zip in to `deploy` directory
2. (Optional) Copy release-{{release_name}}.sql in to `deploy` directory
3. Change `env('release_name','4.3.7');` in `deploy.php`
4. Change server settings in `deploy.php`
5. Run `dep deploy` to deploy code

## Functions description
### deploy-clear
This function can be used for deploy full code and full database.
Follow steps are applied:

 - remove all files in to {{deploy_path}}
 - restore archive `release-{{release_name}}.zip` from local `./deploy` directory
 - restore dump `release-{{release_name}}.sql` from local `./deploy` directory
 - clear cache

### deploy
This function can be used for deploy part of code and small changes in database.
Follow steps are applied:

 - restore archive `release-{{release_name}}.zip` from local `./deploy` directory, exclude:
  - config.local.php
  - images/*
  - .htaccess
 - restore dump `release-{{release_name}}.sql` from local `./deploy` directory
 - clear cache

For More documentation see [deployer docs](http://deployer.org/docs) and deploy.php source code.

Commit message:

ver0.2: add config yml config file; add class for working with config file and create zip archive of project.

README.md, after:

# deploy-toolkit
CS-Cart and Multi-Vendor deployment toolkit for developers and system administrators.

## Requirements
1. [PHP](https://secure.php.net/) 5.5.0 and up.
2. [deployer](http://deployer.org) 3.3.0 and up.
3. PHP extensions:
 - [yaml](https://pecl.php.net/package/yaml)
 - [zip](https://pecl.php.net/package/zip)

## Prepare
1. `git clone https://github.com/simtechdev/deploy-toolkit.git`
2. `cd deploy-toolkit && mkdir -p deploy-toolkit/deploy`

## Usage example
1. Change default settings in `config.yml`
  - release_name: 4.3.8
  - project_path: /local/path/to/project/cscart
  - servers config
2. Run `dep prepare:development` to zip code for development environment
3. Run `dep deploy development` to deloy code in dev servers.

## Functions description
### prepare:{{environment}}
This function used for create zip archive release from project directory to local `./deploy` directory.

 - create zip archive of project.

### deploy-clear
This function can be used for deploy full code and full database.
Follow steps are applied:

 - remove all files in to {{deploy_path}}
 - restore archive `release-{{release_name}}.zip` from local `./deploy` directory
 - restore dump `release-{{release_name}}.sql` from local `./deploy` directory
 - clear cache

### deploy
This function can be used for deploy part of code and small changes in database.
Follow steps are applied:

 - restore archive `release-{{release_name}}.zip` from local `./deploy` directory, exclude:
  - config.local.php
  - images/*
  - .htaccess
 - restore dump `release-{{release_name}}.sql` from local `./deploy` directory
 - clear cache

For More documentation see [deployer docs](http://deployer.org/docs) and deploy.php source code.
